[ADP-2565] Clean up package `delta-table` (#4673)
input-output-hk/cardano-wallet: lib/delta-chain/README.md

## Overview

At the time of this writing, the package contains
an early prototype of a `Table` type that represents

> database tables, and a use case in `Data.Chain`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
database tables, and an example usage can be found in `Data.Chain`.
```

Author: done
